even though on paper it looks like the
worst thing ever that i you know through
my career away or
whatever else on paper it looks bad but
in real life
i am so blessed and thankful and
grateful for for that
i do not report on fitness and
bodybuilding news on this channel
but once in a while the world of fitness
and bodybuilding
overlaps with or intersects with
interesting
political and philosophical questions
sometimes within the vegan movement
sometimes
outside of its bounds you might
or might not have noticed this recent
evolution
in the physique and philosophical
perspective
of john venus quote
why did i do this to myself over the
last two years
i've been losing all my passion for
lifting weights
why do you look smaller softer less
impressive are questions i get asked
often nowadays
the truth is i never really valued my
physique or appearance much
the reason i pushed myself as hard as i
possibly could was to be a quote unquote
billboard
for veganism a lifestyle i once thought
was my life mission to promote
with everything i had now that i have
fully left my vegan identity behind
i find no reason to train like i used to
anymore
i have also struggled with being a
fitness person
taking shirtless photos that did not
always have the effect i intended
inspiring people to eat plants even
while preaching
body positivity and self-love it never
felt like me
as i did so while having an unnatural
looking body
that incites desire even lust in others
a lower state of consciousness
there is nothing wrong with wanting to
look a certain way
but if we are doing it for attention
admiration compliments
and other vain reasons there will always
be a dark side to it
and i never intended that to be my quote
career close quote so john venus
now has to ask himself some very
difficult questions
if fitness weight loss and bodybuilding
are not for him the meaning of life
what is if fitness
weight loss and bodybuilding used as a
means to promulgate and propound and
promote
the vegan movement is not the meaning of
life
and it's not the way to lead a
meaningful life for him
what is what else you got what have you
got left
who are you really when we strip away
vegan activists as an identity when we
strip away
fitness influencer and when we even
the body the body that gave him this
fame gave him this renown
gave him this career which he refers to
as a
quote career close quote it was a real
career
it was real money it was real fame and
in its pathetic way
veganism is a real movement right
veganism is a message
that gives people a sense of meaning and
purpose
and direction in their lives but i'll be
the first one to say to you this should
not be the only
source of meaning and purpose a
direction in your life it shouldn't even
be the main one
right you should be leading a meaningful
life already you should have your own
passions
and interests and political projects and
research projects your own initiative
taking your own direction
and then you add veganism onto that if
veganism is your primary or only purpose
if
living for this movement is what gives
you
a sense of direction your life i'd say
that's a formula for disaster
i'd say it's a formula for personal
failure i think
i think it leads to tragedy and to
tragedy
only
i can sympathize with and i can
empathize with
the position john venus is now in to a
much greater extent than you might
suppose
not because i've ever been a bodybuilder
haven't been
and i never want to be a bodybuilder i
never want
to bench press 400 pounds and i never
want to have
the kind of physical pain and even the
disturbance to your
sleep that comes with bench pressing
foreign
just the disruption to your sleep cycle
that comes with pushing your body to
that limit
to get those results i never want to
experience that enough i've experienced
enough with weightlifting that i can
imagine
i don't sympathize them because i have
any experience with
making money out of my appearance as a
model
as a bodybuilder i don't have any
experience making money
giving health and diet and fitness
advice not for that reason
what i have experience with
is having to bring to a sudden
screeching halt everything
that made my life meaningful just a few
months before
and take on a whole new direction after
10 years
as a scholar of buddhism i had to come
to a complete stop
and say okay if i quit now
if i give up buddhist scholarship if i
give up the study
of buddhist languages if i give up the
pursuit of humanitarian work
in buddhist countries the study of the
politics
and history of if i give all of that up
what have i got left you know what the
answer is
me if i give up that philosophy
what have i got left my philosophy right
that's partly the philosophy i had
before i got involved in buddhism that i
brought into
the study of buddhism with me and it's
partly the new philosophy i have
coming out of buddhism part of my
critique of buddhism
my repudiation of buddhism on the way
out right
new philosophy new perspective okay
and i'm not going to say it's easy it
was terribly terribly difficult
terribly challenging transition in my
life in every way
including philosophically including in
terms of
self-image identity body image whatever
you want to say where you have to think
if i'm not a buddhist anymore
who am i and what am i right and i had
to come up with some new answers
straight out of that experience i threw
myself into the study of cree
and ojibwe first nations languages
languages politics history of canada's
indigenous people
again something powerfully linked to
politics
humanitarian work this sense of mission
and purpose of making the world
a different place right all of these
things you know
it's like veganism in that way right i
mean
if cambodia is just a place on the map
to you that's one thing if
if laos is just a place on the map
that's one thing you
when you go to laos and you see the bomb
craters
and you see the cripples the people have
been crippled by unexploded ordnance and
bombs dropped out of the sky by the
americans that are still going off to
this day
believe it or not when you go there and
you see the poverty and you get involved
in farming and
agriculture and the history and the
politics they unfold and you
see before your eyes the attempts at
elections and making a transition to
democracy and you see that transition
fail and i worked inside one of the
newspapers
and you see the way the communist party
censorship the government censorship and
how much freedom of speech there is the
limited amount
when you see all that and feel it and
you're involved in it and you see the
fate of millions of people
hanging in the balance of these
political factors sure
okay you know it's not a book on a
bookshelf anymore
it's not a place on a map and it's not
just a language in a dictionary
it's not just a task right this takes on
all kinds of meaning
in your life in the same way that
veganism makes the transition
from being a diet and being just a set
of dry
facts about ecology or even being a
conceptual awareness of animal suffering
to being something that's meaningful and
present in your life
every day and then you know what
for me and john venus alike all of that
comes to an
end right veganism for him went from
being meaningful
to meaningless this whole thing with
bodybuilding and preening and modeling
and presenting herself as beautiful
went from being something he was
obviously proud of and reveled in
right to being something he found
repugnant
something he rejected and now he's got
to look in the mirror
and say who am i what have i got left
what am i going to become next he's got
to take on a new direction find new
meaning
and develop a new identity okay and in
that
in that alone i feel i have something in
common
with john penis when people ask me now
if i still
think of myself as a vegan activist you
know what i say
no
at what point did paul mccartney
stop describing himself as a member of
the beatles
i'm not a member of any band
right and the band i used to play with
the band i used to be a member of
it doesn't even exist anymore
i'm not a part of the vegan movement i'm
not a leader
i'm not a follower i'm not even a member
of a
club or salon or coterie or circle of
i'm not part of a group of vegans
comprised of five
people or ten people
so no i'm not a vegan activist i'm a
vegan
and i come on youtube and talk about
veganism because veganism is a part of
my life you know what sometimes i come
on youtube
and i still talk about buddhism the
extent to which buddhism
is a part of my sometimes i come on
youtube and i talk about laos or
cambodia
or that kind of research okay but there
is also a sense in which
all of that is dead to me i have to look
ahead
to a further horizon to something
genuinely unknown and i have to decide
and i have to find out what kind of
person
i'm really going to be and i've been
living
my whole life as a people pleaser and as
a person who
um is trying to change the way that i
speak or
filter what i'm thinking about or what
i'm speaking about
when all of a sudden you're faced with a
massive amount of pushback and hatred
um as a people-pleaser then you start
questioning a lot of things about your
own reality right
and even though i thought i overcame
you know um my attachments to people's
opinions
it was clear that i didn't because um i
felt
horrible knowing that you know people
who you know i
you know looked up to or who i am were
friends with
were just publicly um you know slamming
me in these things right so it was
challenging but it got me to really do
the inner work i had to realize that the
most important thing is to be
my authentic self and that i wasn't
being that
the clip i'm about to play for you is
two minutes long
it may feel like the longest two minutes
of your life but stick with me here
get commentary and analysis afterwards i
would like to draw your attention to the
fact
that her reasons for getting involved
with veganism
her reasons for becoming vegan are
entirely detached
and rational whereas her reasons for
leaving veganism
her reasons for becoming an ex-vegan
have to do with desire
and it's a sense of desire that she
asserts
as biologically innately real
i'll just dive straight into things i
became a vegan
yeah like four years ago and i
was driven by environmental
sustainability and climate change
reasons for becoming a vegan at that
time
i was getting my undergraduate degree in
environmental science
and anthropology so it was like
emergence of like society and humans
with the environment and like
the main focal point where i researched
was on food systems and
i concluded that the current food system
and where we get our food and how food
is produced and the animal abuse
associated with that
is unacceptable and i transitioned into
a vegan lifestyle so i was like trying
everything that i possibly could to
avoid switching out of veganism
and got my blood work done and you would
think that vegans
are normally deprived and stuff but i
wasn't my iron was on point because i
eat so many greens
and yeah my hemoglobin was good my
b12 obviously was on point like
everything was good
the only issue was the low blood
pressure and finally it was like okay
i can't keep living with like coming in
and out of like
consciousness in a way and blacking out
multiple times in the day
so i introduced seafood
not seafood uh fish and eggs i just kind
of like
lived with it and had been living with
it until about one month ago
when i was at the grocery store with my
partner
and we both like the chicken both kind
of cut our eyes
and he was like wouldn't chicken be so
good
i was like yeah i have so many mental
barriers to
eating animal-based foods
and i have
so much guilt around introducing
animal foods back into my diet but then
it was just
when the chicken option came up it was
like i
i really want this it was something like
physiological
but the chicken was amazing it was so
good i was like what is this
heaven and since then i have been having
chicken about once every four to five
days
and my low blood pressure symptoms have
virtually vanished disclaimer
i am not a christian i am in fact a very
vocal atheist i identify as a nihilist
however
i can recognize that christian culture
and christian civilization
provided people with a certain kind of
education and awareness
in a certain finite set of themes that
is now bit by bit
disappearing from our society so some
things that were not just familiar but
overly familiar just a generation and a
half ago are now becoming
obscure and hard to understand for a new
generation growing up in a much less
christian society
one example of that is the mentality
of desiring the forbidden fruit
objectively a woman is no more
attractive
no more appealing no more sexy when
she's dressed up as a nun
than when she's wearing blue jeans and a
t-shirt
and yet it was an incredibly widely
attested factor
in our culture in our society in the
west that up until quite recently there
were
all of these men with an erotic
fascination having sex with a woman
dressed up as a nun now
why would that be they were raised in
schools very often including high school
where there were nuns who were their
teachers and superiors who often were
mean to them who often beat them with a
ruler
who spanked them with a ruler they grew
up with these kind of
oppressive figures dressed up as none
females
who were by definition both forbidding
and forbidden they were a symbol of
authority
they were a symbol of something
unattainable and of course they might
imagine that underneath the nun's
uniform these women were tremendously
beautiful or attractive
there were a lot of people who grew up
with that sexual fascination
and then it was exhibited in a kind of
lifelong fetish so this is something
western civilization was not just aware
of but i think everyone was quite bored
of hearing about
i knew a man who actually uh was
sentenced to prison
briefly he was actually sentenced to
prison because he was a peace protester
he was an anti-military protester put it
that way but he was he was sentenced to
prison
briefly as a young man and he had a
lifelong
fascination uh with having sex with
women
in police uniform and he once had sex
with a woman who was a judge
in her judge's uniform the judge's robes
um it's not deep
but it's real i mean this kind of
fetishism this kind of response
to forbidden fruit again it's something
that just a generation ago people would
have been so familiar with they would
have found it boring
to discuss and yet today i think it's
interesting that we see this phenomenon
of you know anti-veganism playing out it
seems to me all the players in the game
including pro-vegan critics
they really seem to be unaware of how
powerful this type of desire is
and how people um rationally or
irrationally like i either either
thinking it through rationally
or without any such steps taken in the
mind they will really
assert that their own desires are in
fact
innate biological needs this is the most
common thing in the world
you know you want something but you'd
rather believe that you need something
right you actually have a very
fetishistic and kinky reason why this
woman dressed up as a nun is more
attractive to you
but you want to think it's something
natural and necessary and
innate and good because you don't want
to question psychologically why it is
you
you perceive it this way why does you
experience it this way
right now in terms of objective
scientific facts here
uh women who actually choose to become
nuns
you know not not if you pay a stripper
to dress up like a nun
also common also common to pace trippers
to dress them as police officers and so
on all these other authority figures all
right
there is no objective sense in which a
woman who is a nun is more attractive
than any other woman
in the same sense can we all just agree
here objectively
chicken does not taste good i'm vegan
okay but i remember the taste of tasty
chicken white chicken breast
okay there's a bit of a greasy taste to
it and then otherwise it's just
salt and it's flavorless chicken has an
almost
neutral flavor it almost tastes like
nothing
aside from the salt and massive amounts
of salt added to it
and to some extent the grease or the oil
if you're having chicken that's cooked
in a method that adds a lot of
a lot of oil and grace to it right we we
know this we have
there's really a sense in which you can
even measure what does
chicken taste like and why is it that in
our culture and in all cultures
all of these sauces and spices and oily
batters have to be added to chicken to
make it taste like anything at all
all right this young woman just
described to you
vividly how she had this response to
seeing chicken now she had this response
to the flavor of chicken
and she then makes the leaps of
inference that this was a cure
for her medical problems and it does
sound like in her case she had
legitimate medical problems
but eating chicken is not the cure or
eating chicken is not the best or the
only cure if you have low blood pressure
there must be a better way to deal with
it than eating foods you know to be
unhealthy
but that can raise your blood pressure
fried chicken
is the cure for low blood blood pressure
what a concept you should get a
peer-reviewed paper on that
this is really ridiculous right but i'm
inviting you here to focus on and really
think about
the mentality of forbidden fruit what is
it that made the chicken
seem so fascinating what is it that made
it taste so sweet
it was precisely the sense of it being
forbidden
it was precisely as she said her own
sense of guilt
of challenging that guilt and overcoming
those inhibitions
millions of people are fascinated with
that stuff and i gotta say i feel
qualified to speak on it
because i feel none of it to me
there is absolutely nothing that makes
for example a muslim
woman wearing the head scarf and veil
that makes her more appealing
than a woman in blue jeans and a t-shirt
nothing the fact that it's forbidden
the fact that it's mysterious does
nothing for me
all right my life is about real
relationships with real people
on the basis of real self-knowledge and
real mutual knowledge and real
friendship and real common ground
you know i want a woman i can relate to
as an intellectual i want a
woman all the things i want have nothing
to do
with this kind of fetish for the unknown
fetish for the unattainable
fetish for the forbidden and the
forbidding i don't fetishize
authority figures anyway i don't relate
to any of it so i feel like i'm standing
back with a sense of perfect attachment
here
and it's the strange thing that in 2020
within the sort of vegan demi-mod
seems to me that i'm the only person
pointing this out and saying wait
these people these ex-vegans for the
most part
they joined veganism for these very
rational very detached reasons
that they can explain in so many words
in a narrative form
right and then they drop out of veganism
for reasons that are
wildly incoherent that have everything
to do with passion over reason they have
to do with desire
overcoming their minds and if we go back
to the first premise in the case of this
woman
oh oh so you think all of a sudden you
think chicken
tastes great when it has this forbidden
quality when you know you're overcoming
the years of guilt and your ideological
commitment
oh really so tell me something your
entire university education
in ecological science and anthropology
is that worthless now
all the facts and figures that you knew
and shared with the world and cared
about
about ecological devastation about brush
is that all
meaningless now is that what desire
means to you
or is it the case that your fetish has
to take a step further
that you have to convince yourself that
this fetish you're
indulging in is a physiological
necessity
that meat is actually a medicine that
cures
this mysterious illness you made up in
your own mind that you have you have to
take
those further steps precisely because of
this gulf between what you
rationally know what you're ethically
committed to
and frankly what turns you on
so make sure you give this video a like
and make sure that you subscribe to my
channel
i would be very grateful thank you for
tuning in
thank you thank you thank you thank you
uh i'll see you guys next time
i got a simple straightforward and
fundamental question from the audience
and it's a question i have not
seen or heard answered already on the
internet so let's
tackle it in a relatively short video
here
i was asked vegan to vegan honestly
sincerely
when these people go back to eating me
these people
having been vegan for many years having
been committed
to the vegan cause morally ethically
ecologically
when they go back to eating meat so many
of them experience these transformative
effects
whether that's in their sex drive in
their sense of physical strength and
vitality
whether it is psychological or
physiological
we now have a pretty large sample size
we have a significant amount of
anecdotal evidence of people
feeling that it's a revelation and a
transformation
they feel tremendously energized they
feel some kind of effect
when after being committed to veganism
they go back to
being they go back to being carnivores
whatever you want to say
why is this this
is in one of the most heavily observed
heavily discussed heavily researched
areas
of social anthropology okay
it's because they're engaging in
boundary
pushing behavior it's because they're
engaging in
taboo violating behavior now
not everybody is like this i myself
am completely alien to this experience
of human nature but if you just start
reading the autobiographies of
historical figures
it doesn't really matter if they're like
politicians or actors or actresses
you will see there is an incredibly
common pattern in human psychology
which was like when they were growing up
as teenagers
um they tried to have sex with their
boyfriend or girlfriend in the backseat
of a car
and the whole time they'd be terrified
that their parents would find them
or their older brother would find them
that they'd be discovered they'd be
caught
and then they remained fascinated and
excited by this
for the rest of their lives they became
a fetishist for having sex in the
backseat of a car
and it just it just stays with them um
there are white people who grow up with
a racist family
in the american south and their whole
life
they have this fascination with being a
white person
having sex with black people because it
was taboo
because it was forbidden because they're
crossing a line because they're engaging
in
boundary pushing behavior there is a
very clear
psychological dimension to someone who
adhered to
and believed in and promoted a vegan
diet someone who
either believed this believed in this as
a form of
self-abnegation like they may have
thought of it as a kind of monastic vow
they may have thought of it in terms of
personal purity they may have thought of
it in terms of a moral mission to change
the world like an externalized mission
where it's not about their
self-improvement but about improving the
world they may have thought about of it
in terms of a humble service to help
animals the suffering of animals
however it was they thought of it it is
ultimately a self-evident
kink fetish boundary pushing
moral precept violating behavior that
they get a thrill out of
when they then return to eating meat
and the psychological dimension this i
think is transparent and it's
demonstrable
because all of these people can remember
what it was like eating meat
when they were just a kid growing up
with their parents before they'd adopted
veganism
and it didn't have any of these effects
on them like oh you know with some of
these examples they've now become like
memes on the internet everyone's being
fun
oh i ate fish for the first time in 10
years and
wow i had this you know amazing
transformation in my libido my sex drive
it often is the sex drive do you notice
that it off
both male and female we've had several
reports of this right
well again i'm sorry this is one of the
most studied most talked about things in
anthropology
talk about kind of you know boundary
pushing and you know liminal zones of
morality and so on so liminal meaning on
the limits of morality
um i remember i even once read a sorry
it can be any it can be any boundary
that people are raised to not cross or
in this case what's maybe a little bit
more interesting
is that it was a boundary that they
probably adopted maybe as teenagers but
maybe in their early 20s it probably
wasn't a moral precept they grew up with
or that was enforced on them by outside
authorities
so they believed in themselves but maybe
that makes
frankly the erotic effect of
transgressing that boundary
all the more thrilling and all the more
satisfying
so look i'll use two examples from
opposite sides of the of the globe
i knew a guy who was a uh boxer
and i forget how far he took i think he
was in the training camps
to be on the olympic team for boxing
like you know like he was somewhat
serious he was not a world champion
boxer
but he was training seriously for boxing
at whatever level
and you know he knew i was vegan we
talked about vegan ethics and he
described to me the scene
of him going um to a farm
wasn't even really a slaughterhouse with
a group of other you know young men
training to be boxers to drink the blood
of a of a horse like a horse that was to
be killed that day you can imagine this
is like a [ __ ]
stone age ritual i mean this is you know
let's take it back to experiences people
had
10 000 years ago you know and you know
everyone doing this ritual they went
this was legal by the way i mean the
same thing people eat meat this wasn't
illegal this was in france
this is a white van in france this is a
western civilization
and you know they went and they had they
each had a cup and you can imagine
they're young guys who are in some ways
nervous and in some ways maybe cocky and
proud and you know they stand around and
you watch this animal die and of course
if you hadn't used your imagination
the blood comes out of the animal hot
and thick
and of course it's disgusting if you let
yourself be disgusted but they want to
seem tough they want to don't want to
vomit
it's like probably if you can remember
being a teenager and drinking vodka or
drinking whiskey for the first time and
it
doesn't taste good you're not used to it
or something you can imagine there were
a lot of psychological moments to this
and this guy told me absolutely like
with conviction that he got some kind of
boost in
his strength and energy out of drinking
you know horse blood
and as i recall he did it again i don't
know how many times but he on another
occasion it was just
uh it was just cow blood it was a
slaughterhouse for for cows
and going getting the hot blood so him
and him and this group of athletes it
was something not unknown
within the subculture of of boxers now
you can do
a chemical analysis and say okay what is
actually in
horse blood fat salt
water i mean there's there are some
things you can be reacting to there
there's some
level of chemical effect but primarily
just this whole scenario the whole setup
it's obvious what kind of effect that's
going to happen to you and it's going to
have a lot of the quality
frankly of some kind of dark satanic
ritual there's gonna be a sense of fear
fear of death seeing blood seeing this
animal that the smell
if you guys as vegan activists have been
animal slaughterhouses you know there's
the smell of the animals they stink
already but you know there's the smell
of death in the air it's it's probably
that alone
that even if you don't feel afraid
consciously you're probably reacting to
that and feeling keyed up and so on and
then you drink this
hot salty beverage um and you know i
read another account
i mentioned in another video briefly of
a young man who was fighting in the
civil war
in northern myanmar and he went out and
in very bizarre circumstances
he was rescued basically by a tribe of
local uh
local people still living in in tribal
conditions whatever you want to say
local people living in very
simple traditional conditions and to
help him and the other the other guys
with him
uh they they strung up a goat and slit
its throat and
offered him hot goat blood and i mean
he was somewhat starving at the time you
know
he didn't describe it positively he was
he felt really disgusted by it
he didn't want to shame the people who
did this ritual form because they were
also trying to help him back from
you know he was to some extent
dehydrated and starving and um
you know he didn't want to insult his
host kind of thing but he described how
revolting it was
and then he felt kind of dizzy and weird
and awful after doing this
no uh if you just drink salt water if
you drink
salt water from the ocean you can feel
pretty weird so i also don't know if
just the salt content is part of the
part of the psychoactive effect of of
drinking up
a significant quantity of blood out of
now okay so
yeah there are exactly two dimensions to
this story
on the one hand there's a kind of
physiological medical
nutritional reality of what's in the
blood you're drinking or the meat you're
eating
that's that's not that complex that's a
pretty short
shallow story like guess what if you eat
eggs you get a ton of fat
and a ton of cholesterol and not much
else there's not a lot of food value
in eggs you know if you suddenly start
eating red meat you get a ton of salt a
ton of protein ton of fat
cholesterol and other stuff that's bad
for you you know it's gonna have some
effect on you but having a vegan
protein shake you know i i feel a little
bit of a boost after drinking a vegan
protein because i'm getting some
getting some nutrients if you just drink
something that's full of sugar you can
get a boost from the sugar
and caffeine and so on that side is is
pretty shallow and pretty
straightforward
but um you know here on youtube most
people really play it cool
i think you're kind of underestimating
how much veganism meant to these same
people and look
i use the same verbs in a row you can
call them fake vegans you can call them
insincere you can say they were never
really activists who never really cared
about ecology or whatever
all that's doubtless true all that and
more they're probably terrible people
but for a lot of these people veganism
was one of the most meaningful things
they had in their life
give a great example uh charles marlowe
complete idiot complete scumbag former
heroin addict junkie by his own
admission by the way i'm not
making any allegations here um i can
remember him talking to me and him
saying to me
in a very honest down-to-earth way that
when he found veganism
he was really searching for something he
wanted something more meaningful in his
life
and you know not conventional religion
he wanted a sense of meaning
sense of direction a sense of moral
purpose and veganism gave him those
things
and veganism gives you a self-discipline
for many people a sense of personal
purity
again but even just that one word
mission
a sense of mission sense of direction it
means a lot to people
and then by that same token violating
that
pushing the boundaries going beyond it
wallowing in your own field violating
the
the laws of purity that you're taking by
yourself that is gonna have
for a lot of people some kind of some
kind of psychologically thrilling
element
so look guys i've mentioned on this
channel before relatively long time ago
i do not experience jealousy i do not
experience
any kind of thrill in violating uh
boundaries for the sake of finally any
boundaries
doesn't turn me on it really it does
nothing for me
i mean all this you know you know there
are people who grow up in the catholic
church
and then they have fantasies about like
you know having sex on the horrible
wooden benches in the church and it's
precisely because it's forbidden
melissa had a friend a female friend and
she was
tempted by this guy and
she admitted she said to melissa but you
know what the worst thing is she said
i know i only want this guy
because it's forbidden because i'm not
allowed to be with him
she met him in like a workplace scenario
there were various reasons why it was
forbidden love
oh you know what i remember i remember
okay now
now she's got problems now she's that
that's that's something you never said
there are people for whom the forbidden
and violating the law is something very
exciting there must be some people who
just
who just grow out of it um
you know you tell me what
is sexy about a pair of handcuffs
really think about that i mean the
pathetic thing about human nature
is that a huge percentage of us i don't
know if it's 30 40
look at a pair of handcuffs and get
turned on
because people people want to be
restrained
people want to be beaten and humiliated
and what the
and i know when i was a teenager when i
didn't even know what up when i was like
17 there were fully grown women who
wanted me to do this stuff to them there
were there were girls my age too there
were women around who thought oh wow
this is some kind of tall self-confident
guy
you know in terms of what people get
turned on by and what they get
fascinated by um you know
the human mind creates these divisions
and boundaries
creates the division between black and
white go
between you know christian and jew
between you know whatever you want to
say you know jew and gentile
i had one ex-girlfriend and she grew up
christian enough that it was
it was a little bit thrilling for it was
a little bit kinky just
my jewishness you know i don't think of
myself that way i don't think of myself
as
exotic from her perspective you know
that was
you know that was exotic that was
thrilling we even had
there was some first-person testimony
from
a privileged vegan another vegan
youtuber here and she talked about how
before she became vegan
just because she grew up with the idea
that like deep fried chicken wings
were for men that it was thrilling for
her to wear a leather jacket
any greasy unhealthy chicken wings out
of a bucket she was doing something that
like a blue-collar man would do and not
something a refined
erudite you know a woman would do like
gender roles and social class
the sense of violating abound she felt
thrilled by this
she felt proud and powerful by this so
you know
um people want to violate boundaries and
and they experience it i think that is
the purest word
as a thrill um
it's not taking the peach out of the
orchard
it's knowing that you're climbing over a
fence and stealing a peach
and that you have to scramble to get
back over the fence as quickly as
possible and there's an attack dog
coming from you
that is the bleak and brutal reality of
what human beings want
and yet most people are too lazy and too
self-indulgent
and they don't actually get out of their
chair and take real risks in the real
world
they don't do some of the crazy things i
do they don't go to do humanitarian work
on the border between laos and myanmar
and have people threatening to kill them
they don't have these kinds of
they don't take meaningful risks in
their life they want to take
meaningless risks so i guess you can say
um
in a phrase this is the psychology of
uh of the roller coaster ride but most
people
before they get into the roller coaster
they put on their safety belts
[Music]
maybe we can we can practice